[FAQ] incoming transaction mempool (#343)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

So when Schnorr is activated in the Bitcoin consensus layer, in #twoweeks, there are no privacy concerns standing in the way of Wasabi multisig!
:::

:::details
### How does Wasabi know of incoming transactions to the mempool?

When Wasabi is running, it connects to random Bitcoin peer to peer nodes and listens for their gossip of all transactions on the network.

> Based on this information Wasabi builds your own local mempool of unconfirmed transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on this information Wasabi builds its own local mempool of unconfirmed transactions.
```

So when you have Wasabi running, you will be notified about an incoming receiving transaction as soon as it is gossiped on the network.

> But when Wasabi is offline, then it does not listen to the network and it will not know of your transaction when you next start up Wasabi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But when Wasabi is offline, it does not listen to the network and it will not know about your unconfirmed transaction when you next start up Wasabi.
```

> In this case you have to wait until your transaction is confirmed in a block, when based on the [BIP 158 block filters](/BIPs.md#bip-158-compact-block-filters-for-light-clients) Wasabi will download that whole block including your transaction from a random P2P node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case you have to wait until your transaction is confirmed in a block, and based on the [BIP 158 block filters](/BIPs.md#bip-158-compact-block-filters-for-light-clients) Wasabi will download that whole block including your transaction from a random P2P node.
```
